General Overview of Section 6

Reading Comprehension

This is the bonus section of the preliminary exam.

References:

Dabbish, Laura, Colleen Stuart, Jason Tsay, and Jim Herbsleb.  "Social Coding in GitHub: Transparency and Collaboration in an
     Open Software Repository."  Session: Toolkits and Software Development, Computer-Supported Cooperative Work 
     and Social Computing (CSCW), Association for Computing Machinery  (ACM) (2012): 1277 - 1286.  Electronic Resource.

Miller, Robert, Haoqi Zhang, Eric Gilbert, Elizabeth Gerber. "Pair Research: Matching People for Collaboration, Learning, 
     and Productivity." CSCW, ACM (2014): 1-6.  Electronic Resource.

Cockburn, Alistair and Laurie Williams. "The Costs and Benefits of Pair Programming".  ACM Conference Paper: 1-11. 
     Electronic Resource.  



Questions in Section 6

Section 6: Reading Comprehension


PART 1: ON VERSION CONTROL SYSTEMS

In the article, 'Social Coding in GitHub: Transparency and Collaboration in An Open Software Repository',  
how did the authors answer their two main questions/goals:

1.  What inferences do people make when transparency is integrated into a web-based workspace?
2.  What is the value of transparency for collaboration in knowledge-based work?
3.  Summarize the salient points of their methodology
4.  Summarize the salient points of their results
5.  Briefly summarise the discussion on the three types of higher-level collaborative activities (project management, 
    learning through observing, and reputation management).

PART 2: ON EFFECTIVE PROJECT MANAGEMENT, PIPELINE DEVELOPMENT, TEAM PROGRAMMING

In the article, ’Pair Research: Matching People for Collaboration, Learning, and Productivity’:

1.  Briefly explain the system discussed, Pair Research.  How is it different from conventional pair programming?
2.  In the section Design Space of the said article, what are some of the considerations/questions discussed?  
    Briefly summarize the salient points of this section of the article.
3.  What are some of the drawbacks incurred in pair research that the authors promised to discuss in their future works?

In the article, ’The Costs and Benefits of Pair Programming’:

     4.  Briefly enumerate the costs and benefits of pair programming.
     5.  Based on the two articles mentioned above (Pair Research and Pair Programming), how would you extend this concept, 
         its advantages to 4 members in programming projects?  How would your design the project management aspect of your work 
         to maximize the advantages and minimize the drawbacks discussed in these two articles?  
         Concretely describe/explain your actionable plan for all 4 group members 
         (answer this individually, based on your educated assessment of how it should be done; do not confer with group mates).
